
Copyright (C) 2007, 2008
  Harish Narayanan <harish@simula.no>
Licensing information follows a little later in this file.

This directory tree holds Dorsal, a set of simple scripts to build
Dolfin and the rest of the FEniCS entourage (as well as their
dependencies) for various platforms.

Currently, Dorsal supports the following platforms:

   Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5    (rhel5)
   Debian GNU/Linux Unstable       (sid)
   Ubuntu 7.10                   (gutsy)
   Ubuntu 8.04 LTS               (hardy)
   Ubuntu 8.10                (intrepid)
   Mac OS X 10.5 (with Fink)   (leopard)

If your favourite platform is not on the list above, please let us
know about and we can work together toward adding it.

In order to use Dorsal on a supported platform, you need to first
tweak dorsal.cfg to your liking and then invoke the build script by
running:

   ./dorsal.sh

If all goes according to plan, you should see a lot of
compilation-related text scroll past your screen and eventually end up
with a complete, up-to-date installation of various FEniCS projects
and their corresponding dependencies.

If you run into any problems, ensure that you've installed all the
preliminary dependencies for your platform (usually from the system
package manager) that Dorsal assumes you already have. An incomplete
list of this is provided in the .platform file for each platform,
along with platform-specific tips. In most cases, these should solve
your problem. If you're having further difficulty, please contact us.

Dorsal is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any
later version.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this software; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
Free Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
02111-1307, USA.
